Fantastic! Lots of layers! Lots of fun!

First go through with cicero was great, smooth and charming. It was fun and I really liked how you see the images from your game right there on the paintings and it all feels part of the same world.
And you immediately start to think about the aesthetic qualities of the images you might make, and then even put some thought into their title. I think that's already an achievement of some kind.
I did something stupid though at the show, I walked straight out the door on the left, not realising that the show and all the fun was to the right - understood this later

I refreshed the browser and tried different artists, this time william and susan instead of cicero and it seems like the game hung on this screen: https://www.dropbox.com/s/kzdsf80i5d0lakx/shot_1272013_110453_pm.png

Refreshed again tried next with alexandra and started to think that I was being judged on my performance in the game. With cicero I tried for a bit but then messed around just to see what would happen. But tetris can be a long game~ and the curator wasn't interested in what I made.
But then instead of just playing one game of tetris and calling the curator I played a bunch, but played through as quickly as possible.. this time one of my works was accepted. So i was left wondering if the game notes how many games you played, or if it might be random... and a blend of all possibilities...
So this time I found the exhibition which I think was incredibly well realised. The moving projections greatly help bring the space to life I think. It's a really nice rendering of a show, and it's just fun to see your work there: https://www.dropbox.com/s/uinzji1ad2j9ujy/shot_1272013_112349_pm.png

ARTFORUM is the cherry on top. Very satisfying to see it. I'm thinking now that the magazines were actually quite square.. or am I just making that up?

I think it's very clever how you remark on all these aspects of the art world without having to be critical, but rather you connect the experience of game playing (and making!) to it and, apart from the charming walking around your studio, it's the games that are animated in this world and bring it to life.
..if that makes sense..

I'm going to hit the sack now, borrowed the NOMA book from the library so it's time to look at food I'll never eat.

Still can't get the twins to work btw, maybe you haven't finished those kids yet?

Grats the on the game! It's clever and beautiful and fun stuff.
